How to Contribute
=================

Stunt is labeled "for hackers only" but contributions are welcome.

The sections below list ways to contribute to Stunt, ordered by effort
involved (least to most).

If you successfully get a GitHub Pull Request merged into the main
Stunt repository, you will be added to the list of contributors.

Documentation
-------------

The Programmer's Manual is out of date and generally could use more
detail in many areas.  Better examples would be great, too.  Fork the
Stunt repository on GitHub, update the documentation, and send me a
Pull Request to review.

Feel free to simply point out grammar and spelling errors, however --
I'm always happy to fix those!

Bugs
----

Bugs are behaviors or results that deviate from published or expected
behaviors or results.  If you find a bug, at the very least create a
GitHub issue describing the bug.  Include environmental information
(server version, OS, etc.) and steps to reproduce the bug.  Even
better, fork the Stunt repository on GitHub, create a test and a bug
fix, and send me a Pull Request to review.

Tests
-----

Tests are essential for high quality code.  The new features of the
Stunt server (the features I've added) are reasonably well tested,
however the bulk of the server (the original functionality) is not
covered by tests.  Writing tests requires some small skill with the
Ruby programming language, but not much.  Fork the Stunt repository on
GitHub, write tests, and send me a Pull Request to review.

Features
--------

New features are a lot of work and the bar for acceptance is high.
Large features must be architecturally compatible with the long-term
vision for the Stunt server.  All features must consist of high
quality C/C++ code that conforms to the existing coding standards, and
must come with sufficient tests to cover the new functionality.  Fork
the Stunt repository on GitHub, write tests, and send me a Pull
Request to review.

Contributors
============

LambdaMOO (and therefore Stunt) is the cumulative work of dozens of
developers over two+ decades.  The original contributors include
(please help me improve this list):

 * Pavel Curtis
 * Erik Ostrom
 * Jay Carlson (nop)
 * Ben Jackson (bjj)
 * James Deikun (xplat)
 * Ken Fox (xythian)
 * Roger Crew (wrog)
 * Phil Schwan (pschwan)

Contributors to Stunt include:

 * Todd Sundsted (http://www.google.com/search?q=todd+sundsted)
 * Steve Wainstead
 * Tim van Dijen
